README.md, before:

# Hyperfeed

[![JavaScript Style Guide](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg)](http://standardjs.com/)

a self-archiving p2p live RSS feed.

* **Self-archiving**: All published items will be archived. If the feed is updated and doesn't contain old items, Hyperfeed still preserve them.
* **P2P Live**: No need to constantly scrap a RSS feed, Updates will be pushed to you.
* **Secure**: All items are verified via publisher's public key.

```
npm install hyperfeed
```

## Synopsis

host a feed:

```js
const request = require('request')
const Hyperfeed = require('hyperfeed')

request('https://medium.com/feed/google-developers', (err, resp, body) => {
  var feed = new Hyperfeed()
  feed.update(body).then(feed => {
    feed.swarm() // share it through a p2p network
    console.log(feed.key().toString('hex')) // this will be the key for discovering
  })
})
```

download feed from peer

```js
const Hyperfeed = require('hyperfeed')

var feed = new Hyperfeed(<KEY FROM ABOVE>)
feed.swarm() // load the feed from the p2p network
feed.list((err, entries) => {
  console.log(entries) // all entries in the feed (include history entries)
})
```

## API

#### `new Hyperfeed([key], [options])`

Create a new Hyperfeed instance. If you want to download from an existing feed, pass the feed's key as the first argument. Options include

```js
{
  storage: memdb() // a level db instance. default to memdb.
  file: function (name) { return raf(name) } // set to a raf if you want to save items to filesystem
}
```

where raf is

```js
const raf = require('random-access-file')
```

#### `feed.swarm([opts])`

Start replicating the feed with a swarm p2p network. Peers can download this feed with its key.

Check [https://github.com/karissa/hyperdrive-archive-swarm](https://github.com/karissa/hyperdrive-archive-swarm) for options.

#### `feed.key()`

Returns the 32-bit public key of the feed.

#### `var promise = feed.update(rssXML)`

Parse and save new items from a Feed XML. We support RSS, ATOM, and RDF feeds.

#### `feed.meta`

Returns the metadata of the feed.

#### `var promise = feed.setMeta(obj)`

Explicitly set the metadata

#### `var promise = feed.push(item)`

Push a new feed item into hyperfeed. Check [https://github.com/jpmonette/feed](https://github.com/jpmonette/feed) for item detail.

#### `var promise = feed.list()`

Returns all items in the hyperfeed, include history.

#### `var promise = feed.xml(count)`

Returns a RSS-2.0 Feed in XML format containing latest `count` items.

## License

The MIT License

Commit message:

add limit and offset options to #list()

README.md, after:

# Hyperfeed

[![JavaScript Style Guide](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg)](http://standardjs.com/)

a self-archiving p2p live RSS feed.

* **Self-archiving**: All published items will be archived. If the feed is updated and doesn't contain old items, Hyperfeed still preserve them.
* **P2P Live**: No need to constantly scrap a RSS feed, Updates will be pushed to you.
* **Secure**: All items are verified via publisher's public key.

```
npm install hyperfeed
```

## Synopsis

host a feed:

```js
const request = require('request')
const Hyperfeed = require('hyperfeed')

request('https://medium.com/feed/google-developers', (err, resp, body) => {
  var feed = new Hyperfeed()
  feed.update(body).then(feed => {
    feed.swarm() // share it through a p2p network
    console.log(feed.key().toString('hex')) // this will be the key for discovering
  })
})
```

download feed from peer

```js
const Hyperfeed = require('hyperfeed')

var feed = new Hyperfeed(<KEY FROM ABOVE>)
feed.swarm() // load the feed from the p2p network
feed.list((err, entries) => {
  console.log(entries) // all entries in the feed (include history entries)
})
```

## API

#### `new Hyperfeed([key], [options])`

Create a new Hyperfeed instance. If you want to download from an existing feed, pass the feed's key as the first argument. Options include

```js
{
  storage: memdb(), // a level db instance. default to memdb.
  file: function (name) { return raf(name) } // set to a raf if you want to save items to filesystem
}
```

where raf is

```js
const raf = require('random-access-file')
```

#### `feed.swarm([opts])`

Start replicating the feed with a swarm p2p network. Peers can download this feed with its key.

Check [https://github.com/karissa/hyperdrive-archive-swarm](https://github.com/karissa/hyperdrive-archive-swarm) for options.

#### `feed.key()`

Returns the 32-bit public key of the feed.

#### `var promise = feed.update(rssXML)`

Parse and save new items from a Feed XML. We support RSS, ATOM, and RDF feeds.

#### `feed.meta`

Returns the metadata of the feed.

#### `var promise = feed.setMeta(obj)`

Explicitly set the metadata

#### `var promise = feed.push(item)`

Push a new feed item into hyperfeed. Check [https://github.com/jpmonette/feed](https://github.com/jpmonette/feed) for item detail.

#### `var promise = feed.list([opts])`

Returns items in the hyperfeed, include history.

Options include

```js
{
  limit: 20, // how many items will be returned
  offset: 0 // how many items should be skipped before returning
}
```

#### `var promise = feed.xml(count)`

Returns a RSS-2.0 Feed in XML format containing latest `count` items.

## License

The MIT License
